Network Lists_EN_Fireawall_update (#104)
aziontech/docs_en: edge-firewall/network-lists/index.md

[Edit on GitHub <svg width="14" height="14" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><g fill="none" stroke="#F3652B"><path d="M4.81.71H.672v11.43H12.1V8.001" stroke-width=".8"/><path d="M6.87.786h5.155V5.94M6.31 6.5L12.026.786"/></g></svg>](https://github.com/aziontech/docs_en/edit/master/edge-firewall/network-lists/index.md)

> **Network Lists** is the Azion platform feature that allows you to create and manage *allow lists*, *block lists* or even *greylists* based on the user's network or location. With this feature, it is possible to prevent different types of attacks to your network, as well as to prevent users with malicious behavior from having access to your applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Network Lists** is the Azion platform feature that allows you to create and manage *whitelists*, *blacklists* or even *greylists* based on the user's network or location. With this feature, it is possible to prevent different types of attacks to your network, as well as to prevent users with malicious behavior from having access to your applications.
```
